── ПРОМПТ (940 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her case: the occasion, where and when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes and refusals — as codes, her own words as quotes; do not take an item that goes against her refusals or her words"]}, "case": {"event": "свято", "occasion": "celebration", "place": "restaurant_upscale", "weather_feel": "frost"}}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1394 симв., 13.3 с, HTTP 200) ──
Silk blend tunic with a subtle sheen, relaxed drape cut, calf-length, color #C8A29F (dusty rose), flowing rayon-wool fabric.  
Wool-blend structured wide-leg trousers, high-waisted tailored fit, full length reaching the ankle, color #E6DCCD (warm oat), heavy tweed with fine herringbone weave.  
Leather pointed-toe pumps with a modest heel, sleek silhouette, color #5F4B40 (rich espresso), smooth calfskin leather.  
Faux fur stole with a soft shearling texture, oversized wrap cut, long drape to mid-thigh, color #8DA399 (muted sage-gray), plush synthetic faux fur fabric.  
Pearl-droplet pendant necklace with an 18k gold vermeil chain, delicate minimalist design, color #F5F5DC (cream-white on pale gold), lustrous freshwater cultured pearls and polished brass alloy.  

This ensemble balances the frosty weather with warmth through layered textures like tweed, heavy wool, and a plush faux fur stole, ensuring comfort without sacrificing elegance. The dusty rose and warm oat tones create a sophisticated, neutral palette that feels celebratory yet restrained for an upscale restaurant setting. The structured trousers and pointed-toe pumps provide a poised silhouette appropriate for a traditional celebration (svято) while allowing ease of movement. Finally, the subtle metallic jewelry adds just enough shine to reflect the festive mood without overwhelming the cozy, wintry atmosphere.
