── ПРОМПТ (732 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her occasion: where, when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes"]}, "case": "work, робота, офіс"}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1450 симв., 16.4 с, HTTP 200) ──
Sheath blazer with structured shoulders, cropped length hitting just above the waist, charcoal grey #36454F, lightweight wool blend.
Relaxed fit silk blouse, long hem falling mid-thigh to layer under the blazer when unbuttoned, ivory white #FFFFF0, 100% chiffon.
Tailored high-waisted wide-leg trousers, ankle-length break, midnight blue #191970, ponte knit fabric for stretch and drape.
Pointed-toe leather pumps, moderate heel height for all-day comfort, soft tan #D2B48C, smooth calfskin.
Delicate gold bar necklace, single row of small circular links, 18k yellow gold plating, polished metal finish.
Matching structured leather clutch, rectangular silhouette with silver clasp, medium taupe #483C32, genuine leather exterior.

This ensemble balances professional authority with approachable sophistication, perfect for a modern office environment where she wants to feel polished yet comfortable throughout the day. The neutral palette of charcoal, ivory, and midnight blue grounds her presence while allowing the warm tan accessories and gold jewelry to add a touch of personal flair without being distracting. The mix of structured wool and fluid silk creates an interesting textural contrast that elevates the outfit beyond standard corporate wear. As long as the office temperature stays above 20°C, the single blayer provides just enough structure without needing an outer coat, ensuring she remains cool and confident in any indoor setting.
