── ПРОМПТ (775 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her occasion: where, when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes"]}, "case": "робочий день в офісі, робота, 13:00, ошатність: everyday–neat"}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1208 симв., 38.1 с, HTTP 200) ──
Midweight wool-blend blazer with a structured notched lapel, single-button closure, tapered waist cut in camel (hex #C19A6B), finishing at the hip line.
Silk-poplin blouse featuring a modest crew neckline and relaxed fit, crisp white (hex #FFFFFF), falling just below the jacket hem when worn underneath.
Slim-fit wide-leg trousers made of soft cotton-twill, charcoal gray (hex #36454F), ankle-length to show a small gap before footwear.
Leather loafers with a low block heel and suede detailing, dark espresso brown (hex #2B1D0E), rounded toe for comfort during long hours.
Minimalist gold-plated stud earrings and a delicate chain-link necklace in yellow gold (hex #FFD700) to add subtle elegance without clutter.
This ensemble balances professional polish with everyday ease through its refined tailoring and neutral palette that pairs effortlessly with any workspace environment. The camel blazer adds immediate warmth and sophistication, while the wide-leg trousers ensure unrestricted movement throughout a busy afternoon meeting at 13:00. Finally, the silk blouse introduces a touch of tactile luxury, elevating the standard office attire to meet her request for something neat yet distinctly stylish.
