── ПРОМПТ (867 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her occasion: where, when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes"]}, "case": "свято, ресторан районний, дрес-код «коктейльне». Мета: експресія — її слова: «виділитися, щоб мене запам’ятали». Намір її словами: «щоб мене запам’ятали»"}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1111 симв., 14.3 с, HTTP 200) ──
A structured velvet slip dress in deep emerald green (#043927) with a halter neckline and a bias-cut silhouette that flows from the waist, creating long, uninterrupted lines for a statuesque effect.
Heeled platform sandals in metallic liquid gold (#D4AF37) with a chunky architectural heel to add height and command attention as soon as she enters the room.
A structured clutch bag in glossy black patent leather (#000000) with sharp geometric hardware details that catch the light with every movement, paired with statement drop earrings featuring faceted crystal clusters that draw the eye upward.
This outfit works because the rich emerald velvet provides a luxurious texture that feels opulent without being loud, while the metallic gold shoes and sparkling earrings introduce high-contrast shine against the dark dress. The bias-cut silhouette elongates her frame to ensure she dominates the room visually, directly fulfilling her desire to be unforgettable. The bold combination of deep forest tones with electric gold accents creates a memorable color story that stands out sharply in a cocktail setting.
