── ПРОМПТ (796 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her occasion: where, when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes"]}, "case": "робота, офіс. Мета: приховати — її слова: «хочу щоб до мене не було жодних питань»"}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1147 симв., 19.1 с, HTTP 200) ──
Tailored wide-leg trousers in a structured camel wool blend, cut straight from hip to hem and falling just below the ankle, colored #C19A6B. A classic white silk blouse with a modest rounded neck and minimal drape, offering a clean silhouette that hides any fit anxieties, in a crisp Ivory shade of #FFFFF0. Sleek nude leather pumps with a low block heel for all-day comfort, styled in a soft tan leather with Hex code #D2B48C. A structured black blazer worn only if the office temperature dips below +15°C, otherwise omitted as per warm weather protocols, featuring sharp shoulders and a single-button closure in matte wool. This outfit works because its dark navy or charcoal base creates an invisible armor of professionalism that discourages casual questioning by appearing strictly serious and polished. The clean lines and high-quality fabrics project confidence and authority without needing to explain the design choices, ensuring she meets every gaze with a statement of established competence. Every piece is selected to eliminate doubt about her role, making the combination of sharp tailoring and neutral tones speak louder than words.
