── ПРОМПТ (915 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her case: the occasion, where and when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes and refusals — as codes, her own words as quotes; do not take an item that goes against her refusals or her words"]}, "case": {"event": "свято", "occasion": "celebration", "place": "restaurant_upscale"}}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1135 симв., 12.9 с, HTTP 200) ──
OUTFIT_TEXT:
Silk slip dress
flowing drape, midi length, champagne with a subtle pearlescent undertone (#F7E7CE), lightweight duchess satin.
Overcoat tailored blazer
structured shoulders, knee length, midnight blue (#0B1226), wool gabardine blend.
Strappy heels
pointed toe, ankle height, polished black (#000000), high-quality leather.
Clutch bag
smooth finish, rectangular silhouette, gold-tone hardware, soft structured calfskin.

This ensemble balances the up-scale restaurant setting with a festive, celebration-ready vibe while respecting the warm weather by keeping the outer layer optional and elegant. The champagne silk dress offers a soft, luminous quality that feels appropriate for a holiday event without being overly heavy or restrictive. Adding the midnight blue blazer provides a touch of sophisticated structure should the temperature drop slightly or if a more formal touch is desired, while the black heels ground the look with timeless polish. The gold hardware on the accessories ties the metallic undertones in the fabric together, creating a cohesive and celebratory appearance that fits the occasion perfectly.
