── ПРОМПТ (732 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her occasion: where, when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes"]}, "case": "work, робота, офіс"}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1218 симв., 4.2 с, HTTP 200) ──
A structured wool-blend blazer in midnight blue (#0a1f42) featuring a sharp notched lapel and single-button closure, tailored with a modern slightly tapered silhouette to elongate the frame. Below it sits a flowing silk crepe midi skirt in oatmeal beige (#dcc9b6) with an A-line cut that flares gently from the waist to just below the knee for professional grace and movement. The ensemble is grounded by pointed-toe leather pumps in polished charcoal grey (#36454f), offering a comfortable heel height suitable for long days at the office. Completing the look are minimalist gold-tone drop earrings, a slim leather belt matching the skirt tone, and a structured tote bag in soft cognac brown. This outfit works because the combination of deep blue and neutral tones projects authority while remaining approachable and modern. The natural breathability of the wool blend ensures comfort during busy work hours without sacrificing elegance. The balance between the rigid structure of the blazer and the fluidity of the skirt creates a dynamic yet polished aesthetic perfect for a corporate setting. Finally, the classic colors allow her to express her personal style while strictly adhering to professional dress codes.
