── ПРОМПТ (806 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her occasion: where, when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes"]}, "case": "свято, святкова вечеря. Мета: приховати — її слова: «хочу щоб до мене не було жодних питань»"}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1316 симв., 25.6 с, HTTP 200) ──
Silk camisole with a modest high neckline and slight gathering at the waist, floor-length cut in a rich midnight blue hue (#0B1D37), composed of smooth crepe silk for fluid movement.
Tailored wool-blend trousers with a wide-leg silhouette and clean straight hem, mid-calf length in deep charcoal gray (#2F3542), made from structured yet soft wool blend fabric.
Pointed-toe pumps with a moderate heel height, sharp architectural lines, finished in polished black leather (#000000) to elongate the leg without drawing undue attention.
Minimalist gold bar earrings with a low profile and a delicate skin-toned silk scarf tied loosely at the neck to soften the outfit's severity subtly.

This ensemble succeeds by projecting an air of effortless authority that requires no explanation, translating her desire for zero questions into a look of polished simplicity rather than elaborate fashion statements. The dark, grounded color palette creates a unified silhouette that feels intentional and secure, while the softness of the silk contrasts the structure of the wool to ensure comfort without sacrificing dignity. Every element is chosen to be understated enough to avoid distraction yet refined enough to command immediate respect, allowing her presence to speak for itself without needing verbal defense or scrutiny.
