── ПРОМПТ (880 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her occasion: where, when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes", "\"requirements\" — what she asked for; meet every point"]}, "case": "траур, похорон, прикраси: срібло", "requirements": "Прикраси з цим образом: срібло — її бажання на сьогодні"}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1118 симв., 14.4 с, HTTP 200) ──
Silk blouse with a modest high neckline in pale grey #E0E0E0, tailored to an elongated rectangular cut that drapes softly without clinging to the body.
Wide-leg trousers in deep charcoal #36454F, crafted from heavy crepe fabric with a clean straight line falling just above the ankle.
Loafers with a square toe and a non-slip sole in matte black leather, featuring an invisible heel for steady walking on grass or pavement.
Silver pendant necklace with a simple loop design that catches light softly without shimmering, paired with silver stud earrings and a silver watch with a slim metal band.
This outfit honors the solemnity of the funeral through its restrained palette and structured silhouettes that convey quiet dignity. The choice of silk and crepe ensures comfort while maintaining a polished appearance suitable for formal mourning rites. Silver jewelry serves as her requested tribute, adding a touch of personal tradition that connects her to the memory being honored. The dark tones ground the look, allowing the metallic accents to provide subtle emotional resonance without drawing excessive attention.
