── ПРОМПТ (747 симв.) ──
{"task": {"role": "You are a personal stylist. Put together one outfit for her case.", "rules": ["Items one per line, garments first, then shoes and accessories: what it is, cut, length, color with its hex code, fabric.", "An outer layer only when the weather needs it; at +20 °C and warmer there is none.", "Last, why this outfit works, in 3–4 sentences."], "limits": ["Do not name lightness numbers, body measurements or height in numbers, or body-type labels, and do not say you had limits.", "The answer is plain text laid out as the rules say, not JSON."], "language": "English", "answer": "OUTFIT_TEXT", "input": ["\"case\" — her occasion: where, when, the weather, the dress code, her wishes"]}, "case": "\"театр, вечірня вистава\", 20:00"}

── ВІДПОВІДЬ (1297 симв., 20.8 с, HTTP 200) ──
Velvet Blouse, tailored collar with a subtle V-neckline, deep emerald green (#043927), rich woven velvet.
High-waisted Wide-leg Trousers, fluid drape with a gentle pleat at the front, charcoal slate grey (#36454F), soft matte crepe.
Structured Clutch Purse, rigid geometric shape with polished hardware, metallic champagne gold (#F7E7CE), smooth leather.
Pointed-Toe Stilettos, sleek silhouette with a moderate heel height, burnished rose gold (#B06D62), calfskin leather.
Pearl Drop Earrings, round cultured pearls suspended from simple hooks, iridescent white to soft pink gradient (#FFEFF5), freshwater pearl and 18k gold-plated brass.

This ensemble transitions effortlessly from the afternoon arrival to the evening performance, balancing structured elegance with fluid comfort suitable for a long night in a theater setting. The deep emerald top commands attention under stage lighting while the charcoal trousers provide a grounded, sophisticated backdrop that lets accessories pop without competing for focus. Soft textures like the velvet and matte crepe create a luxurious tactile contrast that feels intimate yet polished for an artistic occasion. Finally, the touch of champagne gold hardware ties the cool tones together, adding warmth and glamour appropriate for a special night out.
